okay I'm here on Maui with the whole JP
freestyle gang we're actually a really
big international group of people we
have in from Brazil views our youngest
and biggest hope for the future we also
have Eagle from Russia he came ate the
last year on the pw a tour and also
anton from spain winner of the
prestigious silt event and a previous
European Tour champion unfortunately
last year he injured his ankle and
couldn't compete for the rest of the
year also there's myself I broke my
ankle last year playing around on my
bike but this year we all fit and we're
all ready to fully attack the tour and
we know that with vernie's new boards
we're all ready for that
already last year's boards worked really
great and we're all very happy with them
now you got you went over to South
Africa to work on the new boards with
Verna what would you say are the biggest
improvements for this year I simply have
improved the instant pub as well as we
made the slides more forgiving and what
is that so important as you know the
world cup freestyle format change to the
best moves format and we have to show
the best what we can for that we need to
have the boards with the quick
acceleration as well as the the instant
pub so we're nur has achieved it and I'm
super happy with a new boards and
showing you've also been involved in the
development of the new boards and you've
already tried them quite a lot here
during the photo shoot you in Verna
worked on the new deck shape again can
you tell me how it's changed yeah last
year we were reaching the deck shape I
think everybody was really happy with it
yeah and we just refined it by making a
deeper your heel still lower than your
forefoot this makes a makes you have a
very comfortable position on the board
and it works great and what does this do
yeah it makes you more connected to the
world while you the moves this gives you
much more confidence to pull them off
and how does this influence the first
airing of the boot the food steering is
more efficient it's easier to go from
rail to rail on the board and it's made
it makes it easier for the pop on the
coven
you
from the midsection to the nose we use
extra bevels in combination with a soft
touch line on the rails so in sliding
moves your board keeps planing as your
rails won't catch this is really
important as it gives you big points
with the judges because you keep planing
all the way through your move so in do
you think the board will work for normal
sailors as well surprisingly the border
is still fun and comfortable to sail for
everybody not just freestyle maniax like
us
but ultimately their competition
freestyle boards they're built for
spectacular moves they have unbelievable
acceleration great top speed fantastic
maneuverability an awesome instant pop
which is what it takes to go big and
that fits well with our motto for this
season yeah well this is on our models
you will be yeah go for it
you